# ❓ FAQ

### Is SwapKit Open Source?

Yes it is! We have proudly open sourced the SwapKit SDK as our commitment to the THORChain ecosystem and open-source ethos. You can view the GitHub repo [here](https://github.com/thorswap/SwapKit).\
\
Alongside the SDK, our smart contracts are also open source, but our API is not. This is our competitive advantage, and we're handling it and aligning our strategy with the other big DEX aggregators like 1inch and Paraswap, who also keep their API closed source.

### What is THORSwap?

THORSwap is the world’s first Multichain DEX that utilizes the THORChain network to provide a front-end user interface to perform cross-chain swaps. This is done in a permissionless, trustless, and non-custodial manner. There are no pegged or wrapped assets, it is purely native. For more information check out [here](https://thorswap.medium.com/thorswap-has-launched-is-this-the-death-of-cexs-cb6cf015b8f).

### Who are THORSwap?

THORSwap is a team of contributors building the #1 interface of THORChain, as well as, the team behind SwapKit. We are committed to creating the best multi-chain tooling in order to grow the usage of THORChain across the entirety of the crypto space.

### Which blockchains do you support?

SwapKit supports all 10 blockchains supported by THORChain and some additional EVM chains. For a full list check [here](why-swapkit.md#blockchains).

### Which wallets do you support?

SwapKit supports all major crypto wallets including: Ledger, Trezor, WalletConnect 2.0 and browser extensions. For a full list check [here](why-swapkit.md#wallets).

### What is RUNE?

RUNE is the native token of the THORChain blockchain. It is a multi-faceted token and has many uses, including: securing the THORChain network, being used as a medium of exchange for swapping between different digital assets, and incentivizing participants to contribute to the system through staking and liquidity provision.

For more information about the RUNE token, please refer to the THORChain documentation [here](https://docs.thorchain.org/understanding-thorchain/rune).

### What is THOR?

THOR is an ERC-20 token on the Ethereum blockchain. The token is used for governance of THORSwap proposals that determine how the THORSwap project will proceed on certain issues.

THOR can be staked on our interface for vTHOR, a tokenized vault token that adheres to the [ERC-4626](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626). THOR stakers share 75% of the protocol revenue generated by THORSwap.

